Glider 4.0 Version History4.00¥	Original release.4.01¥	In previous version, if you renamed "The House" to something else, you went through a maze of "bitch-at-you-dialogs" - this version corrects that - now it's: bitch-once/save-new-name (in preferences - the prefs are a resource type found in the Glider app).¥	Now the Save command is no longer disabled - if a file-not-found comes up, the Save function passes the buck to the Save AsÉ function.¥	Also I think I did a little tweaking on the "Sound" dialog box - the way it functions.4.02¥	Previous versions obscured the top 20 pixels of the "Help" screens on a Mac Plus, SE, Classic, and SE 30 - this version hides the menu bar on these machines.¥	Added a typewriter sound when you enter your name for the high scores.4.03¥	Added 4 or 2 channel sound option to "Sound" dialog box - 2 channel is twice as loud and quicker as well (best for the 68000 machines) - 2 channel can sound a tad sloppy though when many sounds are firing at once (not too often and it's not too bad sounding anyway) - setting is stored in the preferences resource.¥	Added color menu resources for color Macs.¥	updated Casady & Greene address in About Glider 4.0É dialog box.4.04¥	Fixed bug where "Can't find default house." message came up.¥	Bumped 'SIZE' resource up from 880K to 920K to fix an out-of-memory problem.4.05¥	Added trademark (ª) symbol to all references to "Glider" (i.e. "Glider ª").¥	Renamed graphics files to "Color Art" and "B&W Art" (no longer "Art 16" & "Art 2").¥	Added a color animated cursor (a gray-shaded spinning beach ball - was only b&w).¥	Now refer to the "!Mission Screen Init" as "MacsBug" (the new name we're using).¥	Word-aligned almost all graphics in the color and b&w art files (this makes the game a tad faster - incidentally, now Glider 4.05 is incompatible with older versions of the graphics files - i.e. "Art 2" and "Art 16" will display improperly).¥	Yanked out code that checked screen depth at the start of every game (this supposedly starts to choke up the System heap).¥	If opening an art file fails (file not found), the default name is automatically selected and checked for.¥	If an art file is opened and found to be the wrong pixel depth, the default art file name is looked for before bugging the user.¥	Now updates screen after Quit/Save First/ Cancel sequence.